Ok now, take your time.
There you go.
Dad, Dad, it's up here!
Slow down, Sam.
Slow down.
There.
You show this to the sheriff.
Come on, Sam.
Come on, let's go. Go!
Move it! Go, go!
Keep moving, Sam.
Sam, you all right?
Stay down.
I'm scared.
Watch out!
Dad!
Dad?
How you doing, Dallas?
Eddie.
Come on, I'll give you a ride.
Yeah, I usually ride in the back.
Seem to remember you being with me
a couple of those times.
You got work lined up?
Why? You hiring?
I got enough trouble convincing people
I belong in the job.
But I'll ask around town for you.
I appreciate it.
You...
seen my brother?
Actually, I've been seeing him too much.
Gotta wear the hat.
Drew, the only reason
you make us wear a hat,
is because some manager made you wear
a hat when you were a driver.
Look, the only reason you got this job,
is because your guidance counsellor
begged me to give it to you.
Yeah, I'm sure the fact that she's hot
had nothing to do with that?
1427 Watercrest.
I can't make that delivery.
Have Barry do it.
This is not a democracy.
Make the run or you're fired.
And wear the hat.
This is R-31-David investigating
a 10-66
at sewerjunction 4.
Copy that R-31-David.
Harry,
we keep telling you guys,
to stay out of here
and you keep coming back.
I hate to do this,
but I'm gonna have to take you in.
Let me just get my dog.
Butch!
Butch.
Come here, boy.
What is that?
Jesus!
Sheriff? Sheriff?
Hey, Ricky.
Hi, Jesse.
Come on in.
Can I get you something to drink?
I'm good, thanks.
Cute outfit, Ricky.
Yeah, isn't Halloween in October?
At least now I know who ordered
the Sausage Lover's.
My purse is in the kitchen.
I'm sorry.
He can be such an asshole.
Yeah well...
you've always known how
to pick them, Jess.
Well, I'll let you in on a little secret.
Quietly I'm getting ready to fire him.
Fire him.
That's funny.
So, what do I owe you?
$53.50.
Keep it.
Thanks.
I'll see you later.
Come on!
Dale!
Dale, stop it!
Was that laugh you got worth it?
No answer?
Dale, leave him alone!
Give me my keys.
Hope you can find them
in 30 minutes or less, asshole.
Let's go.
Bitch.
Let's go, Jesse.
Ray, you find anything?
Nothing.
Anyone parked at the turnout?
Buddy Benson's truck.
Jesus, Eddie.
He usually goes out with his kid.
Dad?
Hey.
I missed you so much.
She's so big.
I know.
Hey.
God.
I can't believe you're home.
God, it's been so long.
Do you want some help?
Are these for me?
You don't like them?
Are you kidding me?
These are so cool.
We'll show you how they work later, ok?
Alright.
You got a problem with the door?
When did you get back?
Today.
What happened to your face?
We'll talk about it later.
Ricky.
Hey.
We'll talk about it later.
No. Let's talk about it now.
Get your fucking hands off me!
What happened to your face?
Dale Collins and his friends jumped me.
They threw my keys in the sewer.
Ok give me the bat.
What are you doing here, Dallas?
Ricky.
What are you doing?
I'm not gonna ask.
Give me the fucking bat!
Come on.
I'll help you find your keys.
Butch. Shut up!
Harry?
You better save some for me.
Oh, my God!
Harry.
Please.
Mom!
I'm sorry, it's your bedtime, honey.
I'm not sleepy yet.
Molly, put those away.
It's time for bed.
I love you.
I want Dad to read it.
Ok.
I love you.
I'll see you in the morning.
Hey.
You remember all those times you told me
how much you missed Mommy?
It's ok to tell Mommy that.
Ok.
Hurry up.
You wanna do it?
You're the convict in the family.
Funny.
Help me out, alright.
Why don't we climb down
from where they threw your keys?
So Jesse can see me climb out covered in shit?
No, thanks.
Wait a second.
We're gonna be covered in shit?
Take this.
It's gross down here.
I can think of worse places.
Guess nobody's home.
Is that a couch?
Yeah.
It's nicer than ours.
What the hell?
It smells like something died down here.
Are you sure this is the right way?
This should be it right up here.
That's the drain.
Check down there.
They're your keys, asshole.
You got hands.
Yeah, I'm not sticking them in that shit,
you do it.
Knock yourself out.
Tell me about this girl.
What girl?
The one you got your ass kicked over.
She's just a girl.
No one goes digging around through shit
over just some girl, ok?
What the hell was that?
What relax, it's a rat.
Fucking rat.
Alright check that drain.
I got them.
Let's go.
Sam!
Ray, head towards the ridge.
Sammy, where are you?
Buddy.
Buddy!
Sam!
Kelly, bring them in.
Where are you, Buddy?
Buddy!
We won't stop looking for you, Sammy!
Eddie?
Darcy, we'll start up again tomorrow.
My husband and my son are out there...
somewhere.
They wouldn't stop looking for me.
Do you think that...
something happened?
I don't know.
Why don't you go home
and get some rest.
Come on, we need your strength.
Right.
Ray, anything?
Negative.
I'll make a final pass by the ridge.
Alright, keep in touch.
Otherwise, I'll see you in the morning.
All units, report back...
Excuse me, sir.
If you've seen my husband and my son.
Ok.
Thank you.
Pardon me.
If I can I give you this.
This is my husband and my son.
Just keep an eye.
Of course.
Thank you.
How's the job hunt going?
Is breaking and entering a special skill?
You got any suggestions?
I hear the bank's hiring.
Hey.
Morning.
Any word on Buddy and his kid?
Carrie?
Coffee, please.
You guys have been out all night?
No, we called it off at 2am.
Ray didn't come home?
I thought he was with you.
I tried his cellphone.
Carrie, listen to me.
Ray was pushing real hard last night.
I'm sure he's still looking.
Cell reception out there...
He always calls, Eddie.
Ray!
Ray, are you down there?
Ray?
Oh, my God.
I can't believe this is Ray Adams.
I don't want to believe it either.
You know what it would take
for a man to do this?
For someone to skin a human being?
No tracks.
Nothing?
Eddie.
You're in over your head.
What are you gonna do?
I'll let you know when I figure it out.
Hey.
Hey, Jesse.
Hi.
You know, you look at me
that same way in class.
Yeah well...
the clock's behind you.
What?
Tomorrow when you're in class,
turn around, you'll see it.
Yeah I...
I know that it's there but...
We both know that's not what
you're looking at.
You know, you never were a good liar.
Want to go swimming tonight?
Swimming?
Where?
At school.
Come on, it'll be like old times.
Old times, like before you had a boyfriend?
Yeah.
And it's ex-boyfriend actually.
He's been fired.
So tonight, around ten.
See you tonight.
I'm closing out now Darcy.
See you when you get here.
You alright?
Hey, if you wanna talk...
It's ok.
You're welcome to stay
with me and Kathy tonight.
Darcy's coming by.
I'm gonna stay with her.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Ritchie?
No!
We found Ray's body in the woods.
He was...
He was skinned alive.
Think it's got something to do with...
Buddy and his kid disappearing?
I think this kind of thing doesn't
happen here.
Sheriff, we have a report of a gas explosion
in a sewer under 16th, do you copy?
Roger, Dispatch, notify the fire department,
I'll meet them there.
Right away, Sheriff. Dispatch out.
You want some help?
I don't know, Dallas.
Come on.
I'll ride in the back.
Ricky.
Hey.
So...
how do we get in?
I taped the lock after class.
I couldn't decide on which suit
I wanted to wear so...
Now...
you tell me.
Are you looking at me...
or the clock?
Come here.
Oh, my God.
What do you think you're doing, Jess?
Dale, get outta here!
Just remember Ricky,
I taught this little slut everything
she knows.
No, Ricky! Stop it!
Stop it!
Dale, stop it!
He's drowning!
What the hell was that?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God! Get out of the water!
Get out! Go! Go!
Jesse, go!
Oh, my God, get out of the pool!
Jess, run!
Help me!
Oh, my God!
Get out!
Go!
Do you think he's dead?
Why don't you go back and find out?
No!
Here!
Window!
Shit!
Oh, shit!
Fuck!
Come on!
Help me!
Ricky!
Come on!
Go!
Daddy!
Molly?
What is it?
It was outside the window.
What?
It was a monster.
Come here.
You know, when I was your age...
I used to have these awful nightmares.
I saw it. It was real.
You see?
No monster.
Tim!
Daddy!
Run!
We have to go!
Come on!
Daddy!
The fire spread through the plant.
They have to shut down
the reactors manually.
Roger that.
Dispatch,
we have to evacuate the entire town.
Call the National Guard in Colorado Springs for assistance.
Over.
Jesus Christ.
Sheriff.
Yeah.
I think you should hear about this.
Dallas!
Alright, thank a lot.
Hey, Ricky, what the hell you doing here?
I saw something came after us!
I don't know what happened.
What do you mean something came after us?
We ran all the way here.
Slow down.
What came after you?
I don't know!
Where were you?
We were at the school.
Mark's dead and I think
they got Nick, too.
What was it?
Ricky!
I don't know.
Call in help.
Somebody's gotta know about this.
Eddie!
Dispatch, where's that backup?
Dispatch, come in.
Let's go. Let's get the hell outta here.
Carrie?
Carrie!
The power's out.
Carrie?
You...
Oh, God! Help me!
Hurry! Hurry!
Stay together!
No!
Hurry!
I don't think the police station
isn't such a hot idea.
What do you want me to do?
We don't know what we're dealing with.
Come on.
Look out!
Sheriff!
Darcy?
Eddie.
Darcy, what happened?
What are you doing?
In the diner...
What?
Carrie's stomach.
There was so much blood.
What?
Her stomach, it was gone.
She's dead.
She's dead! She's dead!
Ricky, get her inside.
Get her in.
Eddie, people are dying.
We need guns.
The National Guard will be here soon.
Not soon enough!
I can't believe I'm letting you do this.
This plan is stupid.
Let's just leave town now.
Because we're not going to make it
out of town without weapons, dickhead.
You're too stupid to talk, Dale.
Shut up.
Where are the guns?
Follow me.
Here they are.
Dale, grab some bags.
Jesse, load them up.
Eddie, you got power on that thing?
Yeah, I just need some light.
Go, go, go!
Ground One, secure the area.
Set up perimeter,
and provide cover for Ground Two.
Roger. 0-6 out.
Move, move, move!
Report status.
Ground One has secure perimeter.
Ground Two has secure perimeter.
This is Sheriff Morales for
the National Guard. Come in.
Repeat, Sheriff Morales
for the National Guard. Come in.
This is Lieutenant Woods, 89th Troop
Command, Colorado National Guard.
Go ahead, Sheriff.
What's your location, Lieutenant? Over.
We're on Main Street.
Listen Lieutenant, I don't know what
your men are walking into,
but our situation is getting worse.
Lieutenant, come in. Are you there?
We have a missing man.
Hold on, Sheriff.
We got contact!
It's a fucking ambush!
Benson, nine o'clock!
What the hell's going on out there?
We got contact all around us!
Fall back!
I repeat, fall back!
Lieutenant!
Fall back!
Lieutenant, are you there?
Lieutenant, come in.
Are you there?
We're not gonna make it, are we?
Don't shoot.
Take what you want.
I'm not getting killed for no $6.25 an hour.
We've been attacked.
Terrorists hit Gunnison?
I told you they would one day.
What are you guys, stoned?
You see that?
Hurry up, Molly.
Hurry up.
Hello?
Are you hurt?
Come on in.
She'll be safe here.
Dr Lawson to O.R 2, stat.
Keep pressure on that
and run another litre.
Hold up.
Barely got a carotid.
Take him straight to Trauma.
Sit down.
Easy.
Hi.
When are the lights going back on?
We're on emergency generators
until the power's restored.
Oh, God.
Oh, I think my water just broke.
Ok.
I'll find a doctor.
Hey.
You two look pretty shaken up.
It hasn't been an easy night for her.
And what about you?
I'll live.
Ok.
We're leaving in five minutes.
Thank you.
Where is he?
Give me the gun!
Come on!
Mommy!
Turn back!
It's a trap!
What the fuck?
Go, go, go!
Go! Molly, come on! Run!
Run, Molly!
Oh, God!
Everyone, go! Go!
Out the back!
Fuck this!
Shoot this fucking thing!
Dallas.
What was that thing?
What?
That's not possible.
Shit. Something's wrong.
Check the other rooms.
What is...
Go, baby. Go, go, go.
Keep running.
Straight ahead.
What the hell?
This is our help?
What the fuck is going on, Eddie?
Where the hell are the bodies?
They're going to kill us all!
We're not dead yet.
There may be weapons
and equipment we can still use.
Radio.
National Guard, come in.
Repeat, any National Guard unit, come in.
This is Colonel Stevens, US Army.
Identify yourself.
Sheriff Eddie Morales, Gunnison, Colorado.
You have to help us, Colonel.
There's an infestation and
if we don't get help soon,
there won't be any of us left.
What's the army's evacuation plan?
Colonel?
Colonel, we need immediate evac.
Sheriff, all ground routes
have been compromised.
There is an airlift in 30 minutes,
from Gilliam Circle.
Confirm airlift, Gilliam Circle.
We'll be there in 20 minutes.
But that's right in the centre of town.
We'll be there, Colonel.
What the fuck are you?
Everyone, get in the Stryker.
I'll drive.
You sure you can drive that thing?
I'll get on the gun.
Don't miss.
Don't crash.
Hold on.
Why are we stopping?
It doesn't make any sense.
Gilliam Circle is right in the centre of town.
We'll be surrounded by those things.
Wait a second, what he said?
I think the colonel was lying.
That's crazy. The government
doesn't lie to people.
The army thinks about containment first.
They can't risk this getting any worse.
Help is a few miles down that road
and they're waiting for us.
Now if you won't drive us, I will.
Eddie, if she's right, the only thing down
that road are more of those things.
You're not seriously considering this.
I'm considering whatever keeps us alive.
Which means getting out of this town.
There are only two helicopters in town,
but one's at the airport.
No, it's too far.
We'll never make it.
The other one's at the hospital.
The people at the hospital
probably used it to get out.
That's a chance we have to take.
If you're wrong and the helicopter's gone,
we're all dead.
If I'm right, they're dead
if they follow you.
There's a truck coming.
There will be an emergency evacuation
from Gilliam Circle.
Medical care will be provided.
Sheriff, what are you doing in there?
Never mind that.
You guys heading to the airlift?
Yeah.
Ok, follow us.
We don't have much time.
Alright, listen up.
Everybody's got to choose, right now.
I'm going to the hospital,
with the tank.
We all need to go to the center of town.
That's right.
I'm going with my brother.
I'm with you.
I'm going in the tank.
Dallas, don't do this.
She's wrong.
And brother or not, he's wrong.
You're gonna get them killed!
We're running out of time,
Sheriff we gotta move now.
Hold on!
We're coming with you!
Wait.
Take care.
I hope we're both wrong.
Medical care and airlift...
Let's go!
There will be an emergency evacuation
from Gilliam Circle.
Medical care and airlift will
be provided for all residents.
I didn't help anybody.
I was too scared.
I just watched them die.
Alright, put these on.
You too.
Alright listen,
whatever happens inside the only person that can't get hurt is Kelly,
alright? We all protect Kelly.
What is this, the Titanic?
Screw the women
and children first shit, man.
Look asshole, unless you can fly
the helicopter, shut the fuck up.
Let's go.
Oh, Jesus.
Maybe they've all gone.
Oh, God, no!
Fucking shoot it!
Jesse, no, wait!
Move, now!
Jesse!
No, wait!
Ricky!
Ricky, wait!
Motherfucker!
Ricky!
Come on.
Come on, get up.
You're gonna make it.
We have to go.
Now!
Come on.
Come on!
Go! Go, go, go, go!
Joe!
Is this everybody?
This is all that's left.
What have you heard?
The airlift will be here soon.
Clear!
Come on!
Go, go!
You alright?
Come here, Molly.
Go! Go! Follow your mom!
Come on!
Everyone, move!
Run, Molly!
Come on!
Dallas!
I'm trying!
Are you gonna shoot that thing?
Hang on!
Let's go!
You got her?
Get down!
Colonel Stevens,
this is Gunnison County requesting
status on evac! Over!
Colonel, where's the airlift?
Sheriff, we are ten miles out.
Hold your position. Over.
Colonel, we're here. Over.
God help us all.
Alright, get out of here.
Now. I'm gonna buy us some time.
I'm not leaving you.
Get to the chopper!
You don't have to do this, Dallas.
Now! Go! Go!
Come on, you motherfuckers!
Come on, over here!
Come on.
Ok, go!
Fuck!
Hey, come on over here!
Come on!
Fuck you!
We're not leaving without Dallas!
We have to go.
He'll make it!
Die!
Let's go!
Mommy?
Close your eyes!
Hang on!
Mommy!
Dallas?
Jesus.
Hey, you alright?
Ricky?
Yeah. Press harder honey.
Drop your weapons!
You bastards killed the entire town.
We're just following orders.
Put down your weapons.
We need a medic, for my brother.
Medevac is inbound.
Secure any weapons
and let's set up a perimeter!
Let's go! Move it!
I thought I told you not to crash.
Mommy?
Are the monsters gone?
They're gone.
The world isn't ready for this technology.
But this isn't for our world,
is it Ms. Yutani?
By LESAIGNEUR
Sync & corrections April 2019